**Original Post:**,https://deanmitchellgroup.com/cornell-art-museum-where-creativity-and-culture-meet-in-delray-beach-fl/.     Located in the heart of downtown Delray Beach, FL, the Cornell Art Museum at
Old School Square is a vibrant cultural hub where art, history, and
imagination come together. Housed in a beautifully restored 1913 schoolhouse,
this boutique museum blends the charm of Delray’s historic roots with the
excitement of contemporary creativity — making it one of South Florida’s must-
visit destinations for art lovers and curious minds alike. Unleash more.

The Cornell Art Museum showcases thought-provoking exhibitions featuring works
by local, national, and international artists. Each exhibit is carefully
curated to inspire conversation and curiosity, often exploring themes of
innovation, identity, and modern life. From interactive installations and
mixed-media pieces to cutting-edge digital art, visitors are encouraged to see
the world from new perspectives.

What makes the Cornell Art Museum truly special is its commitment to
accessibility and community engagement. The museum regularly hosts art talks,
educational programs, and cultural events that connect people of all ages with
the power of artistic expression. It’s not just a place to look at art — it’s
a place to experience it.

Nestled within the Old School Square campus, the museum is surrounded by other
Delray landmarks, including the Crest Theatre and the outdoor Pavilion —
creating a lively arts district where creativity thrives. After exploring the
galleries, visitors can stroll through nearby Atlantic Avenue to enjoy local
cafes, boutiques, and the vibrant energy of downtown Delray Beach.

Whether you’re an art enthusiast, a casual visitor, or a family looking for an
inspiring day out, the Cornell Art Museum offers a refreshing mix of culture,
history, and imagination in a stunning setting.

Plan your visit today and discover how the Cornell Art Museum at Old School
Square continues to redefine what art means to our community.