**Original Post:**,https://deanmitchellgroup.com/puttn-around-mini-golf-fun-for-all-ages-in-delray-beach-fl/.     Looking for a fun, family-friendly activity in Delray Beach, FL that’s perfect
for all ages? Look no further than Putt’n Around, the city’s most popular
mini-golf destination that combines vibrant tropical scenery, creative course
designs, and a laid-back atmosphere for an unforgettable experience. See more.

Located just steps from downtown Delray Beach, Putt’n Around offers two
beautifully landscaped 18-hole courses — the Ocean Course and the Everglades
Course — each with its own unique challenges and Florida-inspired charm.
Whether you’re putting through waterfalls, lush gardens, or playful obstacles,
every hole brings a new adventure filled with laughter and friendly
competition.

What makes Putt’n Around special is its welcoming environment — ideal for
families, couples, friends, or even team-building events. It’s the perfect
place to celebrate birthdays, enjoy date nights, or simply unwind on a sunny
Florida afternoon.

Feeling hungry or thirsty after a round? The on-site Snack Shack & Beer Garden
offers refreshing beverages, local brews, and tasty bites to keep the fun
going. Relax under the palms, share a meal, and soak in the laid-back South
Florida vibe that makes Delray Beach such a beloved destination.

Open day and night, Putt’n Around also features twinkling lights and a festive
atmosphere after sunset — creating a magical setting for evening play. Whether
you’re a serious mini-golfer or just in it for fun, it’s impossible not to
smile as you make your way through these imaginative courses.

So, if you’re visiting Delray Beach, make sure to add Putt’n Around to your
must-do list. It’s more than just mini golf — it’s a full experience of joy,
laughter, and tropical charm.

Grab your putter, gather your friends, and come experience the most
entertaining mini-golf course in South Florida!