**Original Post:**,https://deanmitchellgroup.com/water-damage-mitigation-loxahatchee-groves-protecting-your-home-from-the-unseen-enemy/.     With the way things are today, you need to consider ways to prioritize not
just your mental and physical wellbeing, but also your _digital_ wellbeing.
This involves taking a look at how you use technology and the role it plays in
your workplace; which, if we’re being honest, is probably a big one.

Here are some simple best practices to ensure that you are promoting workplace
wellness to help your employees achieve a healthier balance in their day-to-
day life.

## Don’t Underestimate Ergonomics

Make no mistake, technology has completely changed the way we work and live,
and nowadays it’s not uncommon to find yourself sitting in front of a screen
for the majority of your day.

All this time sitting around will leave you feeling stiff and sore, so it
makes sense to address it through ergonomics. Adjust your workplace furniture
and peripherals so you can improve your posture and feel great at the end of
the day. This might involve changing the height of your chair and adjusting
the position of your monitors, mouse, and keyboard.

## Limit Your Notifications

If you’ve had it with notifications, you’re not alone.

While notifications are helpful and necessary at times, most of them are
simply unnecessary distractions. You’ll want to conduct an audit of your
notifications every so often to determine if you need to reduce interruptions.
Some solutions involve turning on focus mode or Do Not Disturb mode, if only
temporarily.

We recommend that you set aside specific blocks of time to check your
notifications in bulk so that you’re not disrupting work every five minutes to
see why your phone is going off.

## Take a Break

How often do you take a moment to catch your breath, wind down, and refocus?

It’s tough to pull yourself away from important work, especially when you know
other people at your company are relying on you to get things done. That said,
it’s also important that you step away from screens from time to time to
preserve your eyes as much as possible. We recommend you follow the 20/20/20
rule: every 20 minutes, look at something 20 feet away for 20 seconds.

Besides, taking a break is something you can and should do, for your mental
health as well as your physical health.

## Every Day is an Opportunity to Practice Wellness

Want to think of ways to make your digital wellness strategies sustainable so
they can happen not just once per year, but year-round? KB Technologies can
help you implement tools to help you build a workplace that works for
everyone. Call us today at (954) 834-2800 to learn more.

### Tired Of Annoying Computer Problems That Keep Coming Back?

Sign Up Today For A Network Audit  